[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy] Come on!
-[Jeremy grumbles]
-[computer beeps]
[alarm beeps]
[gasps]
I am so darn lame!
[mechanical clanking]
-[Yumi] Hi, Einstein.
-[Jeremy] Hey!
You look awfully down. What's the problem?
I've been spinning my wheels for days
on Aelita's antivirus
and trying to decode Franz Hopper's diary!
Just a question of time!
You think so?
Even with the latest data
from Sector Five,
I haven't moved ahead one micron!
What if I'm just not good enough?
Okay!
I think I know someone
who needs to air out his neurons!
Here's how to do it:
tonight, Odd is screening his short film!
Anyone seen any of it?
He wouldn't let us.
Do we know who's in it, at least?
[theme music]
[upbeat music]
Humbly speaking,
I don't think it's unfair to say
that this first role
will reveal to the world
my true star personality.
Can you sum up the story
in a few words for the Kadic News?
Well… That is… It's a love story.
And at the same time, it's a thriller.
With suspense.
And of course, it's got a good dose
of psychology… and it's very funny.
[giggles]
A real comedy. Quite satirical…
So you have no idea.
[cartoonish boing]
[hums]
I've got to go!
Someone's calling me!
[titters]
[both giggle]
[unintelligible chatter]
[Mr. Chardin clears his throat]
Welcome to the Kadic Academy
Cinema Club's Short Film Night.
Charlie Chaplin, Dziga Vertov, Tex Pincho.
All of them got their start…
How's it going, Odd? No butterflies?
[stutters]
No. I'm cool.
You never guess.
…to full-length features.
Which is also why…
-[Mr. Chardin] I'll be keeping…
-Relax! You'll be great!
Thanks, that's sweet.
But move your hand,
or lose it at the elbow.
[cartoonish boing]
…the short film is, was
and always will be an important art form
which can say
as much as a full-length feature.
[Mr. Chardin] Our first film
is by Odd Della Robbia and is entitled,
rather poetically, Natural Grandeur!
-[Sissi titters]
-[Mr. Chardin] No one has seen it yet,
but it isn't hard to imagine
a subject, perhaps,
on the fragility
of our ecosystem, which…
-[film projector running]
-[Mr. Chardin shrugs]
[projector keeps running]
[sinister drums beating in film]
[moans]
[grumbles]
-[projector running]
-[Mr. Delmas hums]
[yelling]
Help! Help!
She's awake! Oh, no!
[gasps]
[imitating Jim's voice]
What's all this racket about?
[laughter]
[shrugs and grumbles]
[yelling]
We have to get outta here!
She's coming!
I tell you! She's as big as her ego!
That's impossible!
You know how big that would make her?
-[hums]
-[laughter]
I think you've lost your senses!
All right! Let's go to the infirmary!
[laughter]
[yelling]
No!
[sinister music]
[both gasp]
[stamping]
[yelling]
It's too late! She's found us!
[gasps and grumbles]
[in slow motion]
Oh, rats!
I just broke a nail!
[laughter]
-[grumbles]
-I didn't know you could be so funny!
-[Odd yells] Help!
-Oh!
-[projector stops]
-[groaning]
[grumbles]
[yelling] Odd!
-You are nothing but a…
-[tense music]
[struggling]
You're nothing but a…
[gasps]
-[stutters]
-[tense music]
[unintelligible stuttering]
-[murmurs]
-[Sissi stutters]
[Sissi stutters]
[unintelligible stuttering]
-Something wrong, sweetheart?
-[Sissi gasps]
-[Sissi stutters]
-XANA?
I'll take care of this, Mr. Delmas.
I think you've lost your senses!
All right! Let's go to the infirmary!
[laughter]
All right, children. I want you
to go quietly back to your rooms.
Jim… Take care of the students!
I'll take Sissi to the infirmary!
-[tense music]
-[Yumi] You think it's…
XANA?
[theme music]
[computer beeps]
[tense music]
No. No activated towers.
XANA's got nothing to do with it!
[door clicks]
The nurse said
Sissi received an electric charge.
She's in shock but fine,
there's nothing to worry about!
Oh! Poor Sissi.
I have to admit her acting
was really electrifying!
Right… False alarm!
We can all sleep easy now.
Yeah!
[yawns]
That works out just fine,
because tomorrow's Sunday.
And on Sunday…
[shouting]
We sleep in!
[tense music]
[door squeaks]
[sinister music]
[shrugs]
[Odd shrugs]
-[Sissi stutters unintelligibly]
-Sissi!
[unintelligible stuttering]
Sissi! What has gotten into you?
[tense music]
[scribbling]
-[door clicks]
-What's this racket about?
Sissi? You should be in the infirmary.
Your father's going to have my head again!
[Sissi groans]
[sad music]
[hums]
[tense music]
[grumbles]
[theme music]
[phone rings]
[Ulrich groans]
[Ulrich] Jeremy! It's Sunday!
OK… We're coming.
[sinister music]
[Ulrich] A message in code…
written by Sissi?
[nods]
I ran the Supercomputer
all night to translate it.
[computer beeps]
Look at what it turned up!
[unintelligible distorted voices]
I can help you?
It has to be a trap by XANA!
He must have managed to possess Sissi
without activating a tower.
I don't think so.
Otherwise, Sissi would have gone after me!
She would have tried to get me onto Lyoko
so that the Scyphozoa
could steal my memory!
Aelita's right.
If you ask me, someone, or something,
wants to contact us through Sissi!
But it's not XANA!
Well then, who is it?
No idea… To find that out,
we'll have to talk to Sissi again!
OK. I'll bring her over!
Anyone care to join me?
I will! I'm your man!
I mean… You know what I mean.
I'll go take a look around on Yoko.
I still want to make sure
XANA isn't setting a trap.
I'll go with you.
With the Scyphozoa and everything?
That's risky!
Jeremy… Stop worrying about me!
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich!
Transfer Aelita!
Scanner Ulrich!
Scanner Aelita!
[digital whirring]
Virtualization!
-[upbeat music]
-[digital whirring]
[gasp]
Great timing! Nice work, Jeremy!
Thanks… OK, make it fast!
It's a reconnaissance mission!
We know. Relax! We won't go crazy!
-[engine accelerating]
-[Aelita yells]
[action music]
[gasp]
[whirring]
[gasps]
[yells] Yeah!
[grunts]
-[siren]
-Jeremy. Bad news.
Sissi's going to the hospital!
No! We have to bring her back here!
-No sweat! I've got an idea!
-[phone beep]
Are you thinking
what I think you're thinking?
Yeah, good thinking!
[theme music]
Ulrich? Aelita?
Everything OK with you guys?
To tell you the truth… I have no idea.
Has the superscan
picked up an activated tower?
No. Still nothing. Why?
[Aelita] Well… Hang on.
I'll send you a visual!
-[computer beeps]
-[Jeremy] What is this white tower?
[Ulrich] I was about to ask you
the same thing!
[Ulrich] Do you think this tower
has something to do with Sissi
or with the being
who is trying to contact us?
[Jeremy] I don't know!
-[action music]
-Come on! I'd like to see this close up!
-[engine revs up]
-[blasting]
[computer beeps]
Ulrich! Behind you!
[Aelita gasps]
[action music continues]
[gasps]
Faster!
[engine revs up]
-I've got it floored.
-[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita] Turn left!
Wow… Are you sure?
There's nothing to the left!
[ethereal music]
[action music]
-[Aelita yells]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich gasps]
[both breathe heavily]
[action music]
Well done, Aelita!
But it's weird they didn't come back
to attack you!
[action music]
[metallic clanking]
-[Jeremy] Something's not right!
-Jeremy!
It wasn't us they were after!
They're trying to destroy the white tower!
Hold them off!
-Feel like a little game of bowling?
-A what?
-[Jeremy] Forget it. It's a bad joke.
-Sometimes I really crack myself up.
[revving up]
[swooshing]
[Aelita gasps]
[action music]
[blasting]
[cracking]
[soft music]
[beeping]
[Mr. Delmas] Well? What's wrong with her?
I haven't the slightest idea.
We'll keep her under observation
for a few hours, and then we'll see.
Very well… Let me know at the first sign
of a change in her condition!
Of course.
[beeping continues]
[woman] Such a sweet patient.
He was lucky.
[man hums]
-What did the girl at reception say?
-Room 237.
-[computer beeps]
-[shrugs]
[computer beeps]
-[phone rings]
-Jeremy?
I've just located an activated tower!
XANA is on the offensive!
[Sissi yells]
Jeremy… I'll call you back!
-[Sissi yells]
-[grunts]
-[doctor screams]
-[Yumi screams] Stop!
-[doctor grunts]
[screaming]
-[Yumi screams]
[gasping and grunting]
[digital whirring]
[screaming and grunting]
[doctor exhales]
-Poor thing! She had hypertension…
-[doctor exhales]
Not anymore… Quick!
[upbeat music]
It's OK, Jeremy! We've got Sissi!
-Great! Bring her to the factory fast!
-[Yumi] It won't be that easy!
There's a doctor possessed by XANA
who doesn't seem to like the idea!
-Ouch!
-[action music]
Ulrich! I've got some bad news.
[action music]
Hang on.
[whirring]
[blasting]
[Ulrich grunts]
[grunts and screams]
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[Ulrich gasps]
So, Jeremy, what were you saying?
[Jeremy] Activated tower
in the Ice Sector!
What should I do with Aelita?
Protect this tower
or deactivate the other?
Ulrich.
[blasting]
[gasps]
[swooshing]
-[Ulrich] Jeremy? What do we do?
-[doubtful] Protect the white tower.
[action music]
I can go deactivate that tower!
All alone? No way! It's too dangerous!
-[blasting]
-[Aelita gasps]
I'll get rid of this one
and then, we'll go together!
[nods and gasps] Look!
[action music]
Aelita! Stay next to me!
No. Aelita, don't do it.
Aelita.
[revving up]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[panting]
Let's get outta here!
Here comes doctor Doom!
[grunts]
[Yumi yelling]
Look out!
-[tense music]
-[yelling]
I hope she was wearing her seat belt.
-[groans]
-[sad music]
[whirring]
[hum]
[action music]
[swooshing and panting]
[electric whirring]
[blasting]
Cool!
[grunts]
[gasps]
-[doctor grunts]
-[yelling]
[yelling]
[Yumi gasps]
[action music]
[gasps]
[Odd] Phew!
[action music]
[Jeremy] Ulrich?
[pants]
Relax. I'm fine!
[action music]
[grunts]
That's gotta hurt!
[Ulrich yells]
[exhales]
-[thumping]
-[shrugs]
[shrugs]
Quick!
-[tense music]
-[metallic clanking]
Ah… Finally!
Yumi… What are you doing?
I'm buying time!
[mechanical clanking]
Sissi! I believe that… Hey!
Sissi? What's the matter with you?
Wait! Let her go!
[computer beeps]
[revving up]
[computer alarm beeps]
[Jeremy] Aelita! Look out!
-[laser blasting]
-[Aelita yells]
[Jeremy] Get to Lyoko! Quick!
[grunts]
[tense music]
[metallic clanking]
-[grunting]
-[Yumi gasps]
[evil laughter]
[screams]
-[Yumi screams]
-[doctor grunts]
[mechanical footsteps]
[Ulrich grunts]
[grunting] Jeremy!
I can't hold out much longer.
-[Sissi yells]
-Sissi!
[Sissi exhales]
[grunting]
[gasps and pants]
Virtualization!
[digital whirring]
[gasps]
[swooshing]
-[gasps]
-[mechanical footsteps]
[gasps]
[whirring]
[blasting]
Odd!
[explosion]
Run, Aelita! Run!
[laser blasting]
[yells]
[action music]
[Jeremy] Watch it!
You lost 80 life points!
-One more hit and it's game over!
-[Odd] Relax! It's part of the plan!
Something wrong with the elevator?
I'll explain later.
Hurry on up to help Yumi!
[laser blasting]
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[blasting]
Get on!
[lasers blasting]
[pants and yells]
[grunting]
[grunting and yelling]
[Odd yells]
-[screams]
-[electrical whirring]
[grunts]
[whirring]
[ethereal music]
-[screaming and grunting]
-[Ulrich] Yumi!
[ethereal music]
[digital whirring]
[beeps]
[heartbeat]
[exhales]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[swooshing]
[hums]
Wow! Great job, Aelita.
[upbeat music]
[pants]
[door clicks]
[shrugs]
Everything OK, Sissi?
How do you expect everything to be OK
when I'm surrounded by big fat losers?
[Jeremy shrugs]
Did I miss something?
[laughter]
Come on! Tell me!
Odd just offered Sissi a role
in his next film!
The story of a girl
driven by a mysterious being
who tries to make contact with humans.
All of which takes place
in a virtual universe full of danger!
What did she say?
That no one would ever believe
such a ridiculous story.
[laughing]
You don't say.
What about you? How's it going?
Finished.
The computer deciphered
all the lines of code Sissi spoke
while she was "spellbound."
So? What's it say? Let's hear it.
Tons of interesting stuff.
A lot of elements that are gonna help me
find the antivirus for Aelita!
And do you know who this mysterious entity
who wants to get into contact with us is?
Well… Take a look!
[whirring]
[Jeremy] I'm warning you,
this is completely crazy.
[computer beeps]
[unintelligible distorted voices]
[male voice] I can help you.
I want to enter into contact with you.
I can't believe it!
[Franz] I am Franz Hopper.
"I am Franz Hopper"?
[theme music]